DOC: Update installation guide in /docs/WSL.md (#769)
microsoft/InnerEye-DeepLearning: docs/WSL.md

Requirements: Windows 10 version 2004 or higher

> To use the commandline setup, please first install

Reviewer: The step to install Windows Terminal should be moved a bit lower. Also, it could be made clear that this is optional. People can then either start Ubuntu directly, or start a window in the terminal. (this should be clear before reaching line 50)

Author: Just moved the section lower, and committed the changes!

[winget via the appxbundle](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/releases).

> Optionally, restart your machine and in PowerShell as Administrator type:

Reviewer: I find it a bit confusing, unclear if the "optionally" applies to the whole sentence?
```suggestion
- Optionally, restart your machine
- In PowerShell as Administrator type:
```

Author: Just split the sentence to make it more clear

Requirements: Windows 10 version 2004 or higher

To use the commandline setup, please first install
[winget via the appxbundle](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/releases).

> Optionally, restart your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, restart your machine.
```

* Ubuntu-20.04    Running         2
```

> Note the "2" in Version column. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the "2" in the "Version" column. 
```

The instructions are [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install), but summarized in copy/paste-able form above. Optionally, you can install via the UI, pick Ubuntu version 20.04 LTS as your distribution.

> Then, you can start the Ubuntu either directly or starting the window using the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can start the Ubuntu either directly from the Start menu, or via the WindowsTerminal app.
```
